Add Firebase example (#567)
talkjs/talkjs-examples: firebase/README.md

> ## How to send web push notifications to a mobile device with Firebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to send web push notifications to a browser with Firebase
```
The web push notifications work on both desktop and mobile browsers.

> This example project shows you how to send TalkJS's web push notifications to a mobile device with Firebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example project shows you how to send TalkJS's web push notifications to a browser with Firebase.
```

> [!TIP] > [Download this example project as a zip file](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/firebase.notifications-example.zip)

## Prerequisites

To run this example project, you need:

- The [Firebase CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli#install_the_firebase_cli)
- A [TalkJS account](https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login)

## How to run the example

1. Clone or [download this project](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/firebase.notifications-example.zip).
1. In the root directory of the project, run:
   ```sh
   firebase login
   ```
   if you are not already logged in, and log in to your account
1. Set up Firebase hosting:
   ```sh

>    firebase init hosting

Reviewer: What's up with the numbering? Everything is 1

Author: Yeah, common convention writing lists in markdown so you don't have to rewrite the numbers every time you reorder the list

Reviewer: TIL.

1. Answer the prompted questions:
   1. Select to use the default (`public`) as your public directory
   1. Select Yes for "Configure as a single-page app?"
   1. Choose whether to set up automatic builds and deploys with GitHub
   1. Select No for "File public/index.html already exists. Overwrite?"
1. Once initialization is complete, open the [Firebase console](http://console.firebase.google.com/) and select your project.
1. On the **Project Overview** page, click the **+** icon to add a new app. For the platform, select **Web**.
1. Pick a name for your app.
1. After registering the app name, you will see some code samples for adding the Firebase SDK. Copy the `firebaseConfig` JavaScript object. It will look something like this:
   ```json
   {
     "apiKey": "<API_KEY>",
     "authDomain": "<APP_NAME>.firebaseapp.com",
     "projectId": "<APP_NAME>",
     "storageBucket": "<APP_NAME>.firebasestorage.app",
     "messagingSenderId": "<SENDER_ID>",

>      "appId": "<APP_ID>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     "appId": "<FIREBASE_APP_ID>"
```
On line 50 we use `APP_ID` in reference to the TalkJS app ID. So we should rename either instance so that someone isn't confused.
